# eco_feed

Title: Ecofeed
Hackers: Maggie Huang, Ashley Kim
About the Project: Our main concern is the abundance of environmentally unfriendly disposable items used at the dining locations around campus. In order to encourage the usage of reusable dining wares, our goal with this app is to reward students when they bring their own reusable items instead of using the disposable cups, plates, and bowls provided around campus. The motivation for them to do so is a rewards system, where every time they bring their own ware, they receive points that accumulate over time, until eventually they can use these points to get prizes, such as coupons, food, or CMU swag. If the idea of bringing around their own bowls or plates is not feasible at times, there is also the option for them to rent plates or bowls that can be washed and reused; however, they will not receive points until the items are returned. Each student is assigned a QR code which then can be scanned by restaurants to earn points, which is a win-win situation as students get prizes later and restaurants reduce the amount of waste. Furthermore, the need for cleaning these dishes increases the availability of on-campus jobs, particularly for work-study students. To further motivate students to do so, what encourages people more than the desire to win? They will also have the option to add friends on their account to compete against them to get more points, which will not ever expire. We hope this would substantially reduce the amount of waste created, because though there are opportunities to recycle, the first and foremost goal should be to reduce.
